PR template update (#1253)
raft-tech/TANF-app: .github/pull_request_template.md

> *Performance Standard(s): Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 AA standards*

> *Acceptable Quality Level: 0 errors reported using an automated scanner and 0 errors reported in manual testing*
+ [ ] Does this PR complete the epic? 
+ [ ] Are links included to any other gov-approved PRs associated with epic?
+ [ ] Does PR include documentation for Raft's a11y review? 
+ [ ] Did automated and manual testing with @iamjolly and @ttran-hub using Accessibility Insights reveal any errors introduced in this PR?

>     + [See the full Accessibility Assessment plan here.](https://github.com/HHS/TANF-app/blob/main/docs/a11y/how-18f-will-test-a11y.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + [See the full Accessibility Assessment plan here.](https://github.com/HHS/TANF-app/blob/main/docs/Technical-Documentation/how-government-will-test-a11y.md)
```

Author: Good catch!

> > *Acceptable Quality Level: Successful build with a single command*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> *Acceptable Quality Level: Successful deployment by assigning a `Deploy with CircleCI - {env}` label*
```
